Hi, guys, in this lesson, we're going to have a look at the encryption behavior of Amazon that's
free and how we can use a policy to enforce encryption in the free management console.
I'm going to create a new pocket for this lesson.
I'm going to call mine DCT Dash, test us encrypt.
It's going to be in us.
One doesn't really matter which region now.
We're not going to enable default encryption at this point in time.
We're just going to create the buckets with essentially the defaults.
Now, let's go into the buckets, and what I want to do is just prove that we can upload an object without
enabling encryption on the bucket, so I'll just show you how you can do that.
So we can click on Add File and then we can choose any file.
Maybe I'll choose this JPEG image.
So what I can do here is I can choose to encrypt it now.
We're not enforcing encryption.
We're not.
We haven't enabled default encryption.
But obviously I can specify an encryption key.
So that's at the object level so we can define either through the API, the SEELYE or the management
console.
What we want to do, whether we want to encrypt our objects and if we do want to encrypt it, what do
we want to use for our server side encryption?
So let's say I just use the Amazon as free key and click on Upload.
So let's just close out of here and now if we click on the object and scroll down under the properties,
we can see server side encryption settings and default encryption is enabled for the object.
Now, we haven't enabled it for the buckets yet.
So what happens instead?
If I go to the bucket level, let's go to properties, scroll down and let's enable default encryption.
So again, we get to choose the key.
Maybe we want to choose a CMS key and there is a default came as this one is the IWC managed key, or
you could choose your own.
Now I'm going to click on Save, and now I've enabled default encryption.
So this time, let's go back to objects, upload another object, and we're going to upload this beach
dot jpg.
Click on Upload so that files uploaded.
But we didn't specify encryption.
But if we go into the properties, what we should find is it is indeed encrypted and this one's encrypted
with SASE cams so we can set up default encryption.
And that's going to mean that even if we don't specify that we want to encrypt our object when we upload
it, it's going to get encrypted anyway.
Now there is another way that we can achieve that outcome.
So let's go back up to our bucket level ghost properties, and I'm going to edit the default encryption
and turn it off again.
So now we're not encrypting objects by default.
Now I'm going to need the name of my pocket, so I'm just going to copy this name and you'll find this
file in your course.
Download in the code.
Amazon has free directory.
Enforce encryption JSON.
Now, what you need to do is update your bucket name here, underresourced, and you should still have
the slash star at the end, so this policy will apply to objects that are uploaded to the bucket.
Now, this one doesn't specify which type of encryption we use, like the policy that I showed you in
the previous lesson.
All it does is just check that the X and Z server side encryption is set to true when the object is
uploaded.
So in other words, we have to encrypt.
The object doesn't matter which encryption we use, we must encrypt it with some kind of encryption.
So let's copy all of this code and back in our pocket, we'll go to permissions.
Scroll down to pocket policy.
Click on Edit.
Paste it in.
And then safe.
And what we're going to do now is we're going to run this command to test if we can upload without encryption.
So it's literally IWC as free copy for copy, the file name we want to upload and then every code on
signal and our bucket name.
So just copy my bucket name to my clipboard and type the rest out.
So I'm going to run IWC as free copy.
Give it a name.
I'm going to use this versioning that test dog and then I need to get my bucket name so as free colon
slash slash and then the bucket name.
So this is going to try and upload a file is going to copy this file to my buckets.
But we're not specifying encryption.
So let's see what happens.
We get an access denied.
Now the next command here we can run is an IWC free API command.
And this one is a put object.
So we're uploading an object.
And what we're doing is specifying the type of encryption we want to use at the end here.
So what would be the easiest way to fill this one out is just to copy your pocket name.
Put that in here and then take the file name, whatever file you're using, and you need to put it into
two places.
So where it says DashPass body and also Dash Dash key, so that command should be ready.
Now I'm going to copy that to my clipboard.
Paste it in and upload.
And that looks good, that looks like it has gone through.
Let's check on S-3.
So back in the management console, we've got objects.
Let's refresh.
There's a file we click on the file.
We can see server side encryption settings and we can see that default encryption is enabled.
So there's a couple of ways that you can enable encryption even at the bucket level using default encryption
or at the object level.
And then you can force that at the object level by using a policy.